[Stream] Adding origin restrictions for media transformations (#22409)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/stream/2025-05-14-media-transformations-origin-restrictions.mdx

---
title: Introducing Origin Restrictions for Media Transformations
description: >
  Control which sources can be used for original media when requesting transformations.
date: 2025-05-14T12:00:00Z
---

We are adding [source origin restrictions](/stream/transform-videos/sources/) to
the Media Transformations beta. This allows customers to restrict what sources
can be used to fetch images and video for transformations. This feature is the
same as --- and uses the same settings as ---
[Image Transformations sources](/images/transform-images/sources/).

> When transformations is first enabled, this setting defaults to only allowing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When transformations is first enabled, the default setting only allows
```

> transformations on images/media from the same website/domain being used to make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transformations on images and media from the same website or domain being used to make
```

the transformation request. In other words, by default, requests to
`example.com/cdn-cgi/media` can only reference originals on `example.com`.

![Enable allowed origins from the Cloudflare dashboard](~/assets/images/images/allowed-origins.png)

Adding access to other sources, or allowing any source,

> [is easy to do](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/transform-images/sources/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[is easy to do](/images/transform-images/sources/)
```
